Update STYLEGUIDE.md (#36)
z-shell/community: docs/STYLEGUIDE.md

### Syntax `[[ a = b ]] && c`

> If the line respect the maximum length (120). You can use this syntax. Otherwise use a normal `if` instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax used exclusively if:
- respects the maximum length of 120 characters
- fits on one line
Otherwise, as proposed below:
```
